feat(noir_js): allow providing foreign call handlers in noirJS (#3294)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/noir_js/reference/01_noirjs.md

This async method allows to execute a circuit to get its witness and return value. [`generateFinalProof`](#generatefinalproof) calls it for you, but you can call it directly (i.e. to feed directly to a backend, or to get the return value).

> You can optionally provide a foreignCallHandler, to handle functions that should run outside of the prover (i.e. println)

Author: ```suggestion
You can optionally provide a foreignCallHandler, to handle functions that should run outside of the prover (e.g. `std::println`)
```

```js
const { witness, returnValue } = await noir.execute(inputs)

> const { witness, returnValue } = await noir.execute(inputs, (event) => console.log(event))

Author: ```suggestion
const { witness, returnValue } = await noir.execute(inputs, (name, args) => console.log(`Received foreign call ${name} with arguments ${args}`))
```

We should use the correct function signature here. I don't think that example would compile.
